Hi, I'm Michelle Phelan, Nutritionist at Blossom
Bariatrics. Today we're going to discuss a
few very helpful tips for bariatric patients.
Today I'm here to discuss the top five foods
of folks who are candidates for bariatric
surgery. The first one on the list is high
sugary, high calorie coffee drinks. Anything
that's a frappucino, anything that looks like
a coffee milkshake, kick it to the curb. Those
are one of the worst culprits ever. Alright,
number two, processed carbs. Now you all know
about these, but somehow they still find a
way to sneak back in to your pantry and in
to your cupboards, alright? So here we go
and I'm going to name them, bread, pasta,
cereal, granola, chips, crackers, cookies,
bagels, muffins, english muffins, little mini
cupcakes, pies, little tiny 100 calorie snack
packs. Those are some of the worst culprits
ever. The third thing, of course, is salad
dressings. You think you're doing great with
a delicious salad, but then you pile on a
high calorie salad dressing that's full of
a fat that's not beneficial. The best way
to go is an olive oil based salad dressing
like Italian, olive-oil vinaigrette. Of course,
these are all the best choices. Number four,
high sugar energy drinks, these are really,
really one of the top things. People think
they are doing a great job because it says
high energy, B vitamins, other amino acids,
but if you look at the sugar content, typically
they're at least 24-48 grams of sugar per
serving. You also have to remember, usually
those big cans or those big containers carry
two to three servings. So if you just finish
off one you're actually getting three times
the amount of sugar that's listed per serving
on the label on the back. Number five, smoothies,
now we need to pay attention folks. Smoothies
don't automatically equal health. Now protein
smoothies made with your whey protein isolate
powder or your plant based protein powder,
those are what I'm talking about, if you don't
add a lot of fruit and other things in there
like chocolate syrup and all that deliciousness,
we need to make sure that when we say smoothies
it's very, very lean on the fruit so those
fruit smoothies at those wonderful delicious
Jamba Juice and tropical smoothie places,
even if you add whey protein as the option,
you're still getting way too much fruit and
way too much sugar. So the ratio is off. Keep
your smoothies protein based. Thanks for watching.
If you would like more tips and information,
please visit our website at blossombariatrics.com.
Have a healthy day.